This task is intended as a generic HIPAA task. Below, we list the 19
categories which the law requires to be obscured, and discuss their
implementation here. This implementation is informed by our
experiences so far with our research partners. The text for each
section is taken directly from 45CFR164.514, the law which governs PHI
privacy. 

"(A) Names"

- The NAME tag (full and partial names) and the INITIALS tag
(initials). 

"(B) All geographic subdivisions smaller than a State, including 
street address, city, county, precinct, zip code, and their equivalent 
geocodes, except for the initial three digits of a zip code if, 
according to the current publicly available data from the Bureau of the 
Census:
  (1) The geographic unit formed by combining all zip codes with the 
      same three initial digits contains more than 20,000 people; and
  (2) The initial three digits of a zip code for all such geographic 
      units containing 20,000 or fewer people is changed to 000."

- The LOCATION tag. This tag does not permit subdivision of ZIP
codes. The state should be obscured as well. All contiguous elements
of a location should be included in a single tag, e.g., "12 Mulberry
Lane, Winston-Salem, NC, 52004". Locations internal to a hospital,
such as room numbers, should use the OTHER tag.

"(C) All elements of dates (except year) for dates directly related 
to an individual, including birth date, admission date, discharge date, 
date of death; and all ages over 89 and all elements of dates (including 
year) indicative of such age, except that such ages and elements may be 
aggregated into a single category of age 90 or older"

- The DATE tag and the AGE tag. The DATE tag should include the year,
to support resynthesis of realistic fillers (this process is
significantly hampered by leaving the year out). We recommend that all
ages be tagged.

"(D) Telephone numbers;
(E) Fax numbers"

- The PHONE tag.

"(F) Electronic mail addresses"

- The EMAIL tag.

"(G) Social security numbers"

- The SSN tag.

"(H) Medical record numbers;
(I) Health plan beneficiary numbers;
(J) Account numbers;
(K) Certificate/license numbers;
(L) Vehicle identifiers and serial numbers, including license plate 
numbers;
(M) Device identifiers and serial numbers;"

- The IDNUM tag. This tag can also be used for any other alphanumeric
code not listed here, if the user prefers.

"(N) Web Universal Resource Locators (URLs);"

- The URL tag.

"(O) Internet Protocol (IP) address numbers;"

- The IPADDRESS tag.

"(P) Biometric identifiers, including finger and voice prints;
(Q) Full face photographic images and any comparable images;"

- Not relevant.

"(R) Any other unique identifying number, characteristic, or code, 
except as permitted by paragraph (c) of this section"

- The OTHER tag. This tag may include things like room numbers, or any
other identifying information the use chooses not to use IDNUM for. 

In addition, although not required by HIPAA, the HOSPITAL tag can be
used to obscure the name of hospitals and other medical facilities,
since many users seem to want to do that.
